Add "Contributing" page to generated documentation (#5192)
valhalla/valhalla: docs/docs/building.md

# Build from Source

We aim to make Valhalla installable on every half-modern hardware, platform and architecture. If the below instructions are not working for you, we'd be happy if you [file an issue or open a PR with a fix](contributing.md).

## Build Configuration (all platforms)

> Valhalla uses [CMake](https://cmake.org/) as the build system. When compiling with `gcc` (GNU Compiler Collection), currently version 5 or newer is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valhalla uses [CMake](https://cmake.org/) as the build system, the compiler needs C++17 support.
```

| `-DPREFER_SYSTEM_DEPS` (`ON` / `OFF`) | Whether to use internally vendored headers or find the equivalent external package (defaults to off).|
| `-DENABLE_GDAL` (`ON` / `OFF`) | Whether to include GDAL as a dependency (used for GeoTIFF serialization of isochrone grid) (defaults to off).|

> ## Building with `vcpkg` - any platform

Reviewer: yep, that works, see current docs
